Update draft-ietf-teas-5g-ns-ip-mpls.md (#133)
boucadair/5g-slice-realization: draft-ietf-teas-5g-ns-ip-mpls.md

--- abstract

Slicing is a feature that was introduced by the 3rd Generation Partnership Project (3GPP) in mobile networks. Realization of 5G slicing implies requirements for all mobile domains, including the Radio Access Network (RAN), Core Network (CN), and Transport Network (TN).

> This document describes a Network Slice realization model for IP/MPLS networks with a focus on the Transport Network fulfilling 5G slicing connectivity and SLAs. The realization model reuses many building blocks currently commonly used in service provider networks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document describes a Network Slice realization model for IP/MPLS networks with a focus on the Transport Network fulfilling 5G slicing connectivity service objectives. The realization model reuses many building blocks currently commonly used in service provider networks.
```

--- middle

#  Introduction

> This document focuses on network slicing for 5G networks, covering the connectivity between network functions across multiple domains such as edge clouds, data centers and the WAN. We describe a Network Slice realization model that fulfills 5G slicing requirements by using existing IP/MPLS technologies to optimally control Service Level Agreements (SLAs) offered for 5G slices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document focuses on network slicing for 5G networks, covering the connectivity between network functions across multiple domains such as edge clouds, data centers, and the WAN.  The document describes a Network Slice realization model that fulfills 5G slicing requirements by using existing IP/MPLS technologies to optimally control Service Level Agreements (SLAs) offered for 5G slices.
```

> This work is compatible with {{!I-D.ietf-teas-ietf-network-slices}} that defines a generic framework for network slicing built using IETF technologies. The  framework introduces the concept of a Network Resource Partition (NRP), which is a collection of resources identified in the underlay network. In the context of our realization, this framework is best suited for the WAN (provider network), using just one NRP or multiple NRPs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This work is compatible with {{!I-D.ietf-teas-ietf-network-slices}} which defines a generic framework for network slicing built using IETF technologies. The  framework introduces the concept of a Network Resource Partition (NRP), which is a collection of resources identified in the underlay network. This framework is best suited for the WAN (provider network), using just one NRP or multiple NRPs.
```

> The realization that we propose is typically triggered by Network Slice Service requests. How a Network Slice Service request is placed for realization, including how it is derived from a 5G Slice Service request, is out of scope. Network Slice Service mapping considerations (e.g., mapping between 3GPP to IETF service parameters) are discussed in {{?I-D.ietf-teas-5g-network-slice-application}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The realization approach described in this document is typically triggered by Network Slice Service requests. How a Network Slice Service request is placed for realization, including how it is derived from a 5G Slice Service request, is out of scope. Network Slice Service mapping considerations (e.g., mapping between 3GPP to IETF service parameters) are discussed, e.g., in {{?I-D.ietf-teas-5g-network-slice-application}}.
```
